12.4.2
the plural verb is used with a plural subject in intransitive forms 
and with a plural object in transitive forms; 
and the singular verb is similarly used with a singular subject or object

12.4.3
a plural stem can indicate that a single person is performing an action separately on
several objects.
A plural stem can indicate that a single person performs the same action several times.
A plural stem can indicate that several persons perform the same action once.

13.1
The final person-prefixes have a variety of uses. Depending on the type of verbal form
(transitive or intransitive, perfective or imperfective), they can express the transitive subject,
the direct object, or the oblique object.

13.3.1
The final person-prefixes do not have separate singular and plural forms. For the non-human
class, this is to be expected, because it never makes a distinction between singular and plural
forms (ยง6.2). For the human class, however, the stated absence of distinctive plural forms is
only partly correct. In fact, there are two basic strategies to indicate a plural where needed.
Either of them is attested for the entire period covered by the corpus. They are the topic of this
section. In addition, there is a more restricted strategy, which will be discussed in the following
section.
One major strategy only applies to the third person and involves the use of the final personprefix
non-human {b} for referring to a plural number of persons.
The second major strategy to indicate a plural is to attach a plural person-suffix to a verbal
form, in addition to a final person-prefix.

14.2
When the need arises, there are several strategies to disambiguate a person suffix {en},
which may stand for the first as well as the second person singular. One strategy is to add an
indepent personal pronoun, as in example (5); another is to add an enclitic possessive pronoun,
as in example (7). The latter strategy is restricted to forms with the nominalizing suffix {รทa}
and hence to subordinate clauses.